brycerowley: Hey, Shane.
Shane Jacobs: Hello.
Shane Jacobs: For ya.
brycerowley: Yeah, I don't
brycerowley: You, just to… I'm sure you did, just to confirm. I sent over those… the email addresses.
brycerowley: For a bunch of the folks. You just sent those out, right? C.
Shane Jacobs: I did, yes, yep.
brycerowley: But.
brycerowley: Wait, wait, wait.
brycerowley: Historically, these guys have been 2-3 minutes late getting on calls, so…
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
brycerowley: Don't you love prospects.
Shane Jacobs: Yes.
Shane Jacobs: Definitely.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
brycerowley: Do you know if you happen to get any acceptances from the invites that you sent out? I just want to make… there was two invites that went out. I just want to make sure they…
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, like, a lot.
brycerowley: They all accepted. Perfect.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, yeah.
brycerowley: Great.
Shane Jacobs: We're all joining here.
Shane Jacobs: See ya.
Elissa: Hello.
Shane Jacobs: Hello.
Shane Jacobs: Carlos?
Antaeus.Coe: Doing.
Elissa: Good, hi, my name's Alisa, I'm with, HR over at Subcontractor.
Antaeus.Coe: Fantastic.
Shane Jacobs: Good to meet you.
Elissa: You too.
Nate Price: Yep.
Elissa: Hey Nate.
Nate Price: Hey, what's up guys?
Antaeus.Coe: Hey man, how are you.
Nate Price: Doing alright.
brycerowley: Hey, Alyssa.
Antaeus.Coe: And there's so many different note takers in this world now.
Elissa: Sub.
Antaeus.Coe: Hub note taker.
Shane Jacobs: That's.
Nate Price: That's a… that's an internal…
Antaeus.Coe: No kidding.
Nate Price: that I don't even know how it showed up and I don't know how to get rid of it.
Nate Price: And I think it's connected to my login. I'm like, man, I have no idea what's going on there.
Shane Jacobs: We all, we all, we all have the note takers and yeah.
Shane Jacobs: All good.
Nate Price: Yeah, that's.
brycerowley: I'm guessing we should get… I would expect that Jessica will be joining, so we should give her a few minutes. Yeah, for sure.
Jessica Brach: I'm here.
Andy A: Okay.
brycerowley: Jessica.
Jessica Brach: Good morning guys, how's it going.
Andy A: Good morning.
Eric Ronci: Nice.
brycerowley: Oh.
Eric Ronci: Andy.
Andy A: Good morning, how are you?
Eric Ronci: You're right.
brycerowley: Do we want to hold off for Renee or for Justin, or do we want to get started? Up to you guys.
Jessica Brach: Let me just ping your name real fast.
brycerowley: Yep.
Shane Jacobs: Hello, Andy, good to see you again.
Andy A: Good to see you again, Shane. How are you?
Shane Jacobs: Good, good.
Andy A: Excellent.
Antaeus.Coe: Hi, Andy. You've probably seen me on the emails, but I'm a member of the team you probably haven't met yet.
Antaeus.Coe: On the prism side. Pleasure to meet you.
Andy A: Pleasure is mine.
Jessica Brach: Okay, Renee, so just give her a minute.
brycerowley: No worries.
Shane Jacobs: And where is Subcontractor Hub located? Where are you guys at?
Jessica Brach: We're in Utah, we're kind of all over, but our, our, office is in Utah and Park City, and then we have another one in California, Northern California.
Shane Jacobs: Awesome.
Jessica Brach: Complaint all over.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, I grew up in Sandy, Utah, so I know you.
Jessica Brach: Oh, nice.
Shane Jacobs: Is the whole state burned down yet from all the fireworks?
Jessica Brach: Ahh.
Andy A: I'll stop.
Jessica Brach: I feel like it's nonstop. One goes out and another one starts.
Shane Jacobs: we drove up.
Shane Jacobs: the week before the fourth, and we drove through Beaver. I live in, I live in Phoenix, Arizona, and the fire was so intense.
Andy A: Oh, w.
Shane Jacobs: right there in Beaver, and then coming up, and it seemed like from Beaver all the way up through Salt Lake, it was just haze and smoke and stuff. It was…
Shane Jacobs: Amazing. And then, seems… things died down, and then, of course, everyone needs to do their fireworks, and so then…
Jessica Brach: Yes.
Shane Jacobs: I'm seeing things like… Was it the hillside by Provo was on fire? It's like, nonstop.
brycerowley: The photo or the video is gonna be taken that night or?
brycerowley: Surprising how few people actually violated the ban.
brycerowley: Most of the valley.
brycerowley: Not not a ton of fireworks going off, but
brycerowley: It's also been pretty windy all summer, which hasn't helped with the fires, but.
Antaeus.Coe: Who'd you? Who'd you say we were waiting on.
brycerowley: We're waiting on one more individual on the subcontractor hub side.
Antaeus.Coe: Cool.
brycerowley: Give her just another minute here, if that works for you guys.
Antaeus.Coe: word, right?
brycerowley: Jessica, would it be helpful to do some quick introductions and give the team here a brief overview of kind of the international distribution of employees and things like that, what you're doing today while we're waiting on her?
Jessica Brach: Yeah, N.
Andy A: Correct.
brycerowley: Oh, there's your mic.
Nate Price: Yes.
Renee: Oh, sorry.
Nate Price: Oh.
brycerowley: All right. Hey, Rene. Awesome. All right, well, I think we have quorum now. So everyone, thank you guys for taking the time to join. I've got Shane here, who will take point with going through the international global payments approach and how we can do that. When we first talked.
brycerowley: We discussed really focusing on the payroll needs and the HR needs that you guys had. As that conversation evolved, we came to realize that the international payment piece might be a pretty big and important piece to the equation.
brycerowley: Really from two variables, one from the financial side of the equation of how do we make that a more streamlined process, as well as are there any economic savings to consolidating international payments in a more streamlined fashion, but then also from an IP perspective and a general employment perspective.
brycerowley: what's the value to having those employees that are international, that are touching sensitive files and whatnot, actually be, handled and treated more as traditional employees, rather than hiring and, using them as contractors. So, those are… that's kind of the root…
brycerowley: of our side as we've thought about the problem and where we're at. Nate, feel free to fill me in, Jessica. Likewise, the team. And then from our technical technology perspective, the reason this didn't come up in our initial conversation. So AdvocatePay does support two different platforms, the iSolve system, which we've shown before, as well as a PRISM system, depending on the needs of our different clients. So this is something that is tied to the PRISM
brycerowley: system, so we can talk a little bit more about that later, but, if this technology stack is the right fit for what you guys are looking for, we'd be really excited to help support you guys with it. So,
brycerowley: Yeah. Do you mind giving us a quick rundown? Doesn't have to be.
Nate Price: Yeah! Fun fact.
brycerowley: So, what you guys just mentioned.
Nate Price: We've got… you know, we've got… I don't know the exact number, but it's 25 or so international employees that I pay directly right now, currently. I get their banking information, and we do an international banking wire.
Nate Price: And so we're paying international bank wire fees for each one of those.
Nate Price: Wires that we do.
Nate Price: And so the… you know, we did… I can't remember the name of the company. I did onboard onto… because TriNet said, hey, we integrate with, you know, international… with this third… it's a third-party company, but they said they integrate, and essentially they don't integrate with it.
Nate Price: And and they had standardized contracts, which we thought was nice. So, you know, having… right now, I think we're probably…
Nate Price: Inconsistent with the contracts that we use.
Nate Price: So there's not necessarily from a local jurisdiction, you know, by country, whether we're adhering to payroll laws there as well.
Nate Price: Because that could, that could vary from country to country. We're in India, I think, well, no, we're in Philippines, Mexico, South Africa.
Renee: Sorry to interrupt. Can someone let Justin in, please?
Shane Jacobs: Oh, yes.
Renee: Thank you.
Nate Price: Yeah, so we're in…
Nate Price: We're in various different countries, which all have specific payroll laws surrounding that. Like I said, Mexico, South Africa, Philippines, I think those are the three that we have currently. We did have, I think, Morocco.
Nate Price: So in any case, we're sending wires, individual wires to these people who are contractors.
Nate Price: You know, around the legality of a contractor, we are probably,
Nate Price: borderline their employees, because it's not necessarily project-based. These are… we don't have a specific period of time
Nate Price: That we are hiring these people.
Nate Price: I know I've been through it, and there's a few different caveats that we can consider these contractors, or we need to hire them as full-time employees to make sure we're in compliance. So those kinds of considerations that we had worked with this third-party company to onboard, they didn't actually integrate with TriNet, so we kind of just paused.
Nate Price: I think we saw some value in that… I can't remember the name of the company, it's… it's slipping my mind. Oh, I think it's called GP.
Nate Price: GP. But we saw some, things that we liked, that they had standardized contracts that would protect us
Nate Price: They also were taking on liability or risk of anything that, could have gone wrong, you know, from providing payroll to these people, so there was… there was that.
Nate Price: And then, the… one of the biggest pickups for us was I don't have to send 25 individual wires to each individual person. It would be they load their hours or their invoice, and it would get approved through the system.
Nate Price: We… they would approve their own hours, we would have their manager approve the hours, and then they would pay all these people for us.
Nate Price: So I can't remember the exact cost, but I believe they were charging between 20, $25 per person. Now that was.
Nate Price: Considering they were still contractors, there's a different cost if we were to hire these people on as full-time employees.
Justin Brach: Can I,
Justin Brach: I've been on just for a little bit. I kind of want to triangulate because I want to not get too far down the rabbit hole here. Does everybody know the objective of what I'm trying to tackle here?
Justin Brach: Number one, like, objective is… is…
Justin Brach: intellectual property, in paying Bulgaria specifically as W-2. I'm not overly concerned with India. I'm not overly concerned with the other countries that we're dealing with.
Justin Brach: I am hyper-focused on Bulgaria, and getting those guys moved over to W2 for…
Justin Brach: IP reasons, specifically. So, I just want to make sure that I emphasize that topic before we go into all the other, you know, wishlist items. I just want that to be a focus.
Nate Price: Cool, so yeah, from Bulgaria's standpoint, right now, we pay them, they invoice us, we don't pay individual employees, they are, like, a vendor to us, and what Justin's saying is we'd like to…
Nate Price: Go down the path of hiring these people and protecting ourselves from an intellectual property standpoint.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
brycerowley: And Justin, do you have any IP concerns with any of the folks, Philippines, Mexico? I saw you had two folks in the UK that might be a bit more senior. Same deal with the India team. Any IP concerns there?
Justin Brach: Ahhh
Justin Brach: I've been… so the org in India is an org that I own 90% of, and so I'm the…
Justin Brach: majority shareholder there. I've been working with those guys for 12 years, so I don't… I have way less concerns there, because of, you know.
Justin Brach: because of those constructs, you know, Bulgaria is fairly new, you know, they… I actually don't know if there's…
Justin Brach: scraping on payroll happening, where the leadership is saying X people are getting paid X, and they're actually getting paid Y, and they're scraping off the top. Like, there's… there's just a multitude of things that I'm trying to…
Justin Brach: make sure aren't happening, and then, you know, the intellectual property side of things, if they're W2 employees, it protects our intellectual property as well.
brycerowley: And so the two folks that are highly paid in the UK, those are not of concern as well.
brycerowley: Just to be clear.
Justin Brach: No. Yeah, good call out.
Renee: Yeah, I was like, ideally, the ones that we're doing all the wires for, long-term, for outside the US, other than India, we should be on the same program, but I think the main concern is Bulgaria. And then, UK, you're saying you're seeing two? I thought we only had one over there, Nate.
brycerowley: Bye.
Nate Price: I only have one, which is Derek.
brycerowley: Oh, correct. There's one that says US right above it. I thought there was two in the UK, but this.
Renee: Yeah, no, there should only be one in the UK.
Nate Price: Yeah, we technically pay his US bank account, but he is in the UK, yeah.
Justin Brach: Yeah, I'd like to… if at all possible, yeah, I'd like to bring him in as W2 as well. That would be… that would be… yeah, that's another one that…
Justin Brach: I think we want to be protected as well.
brycerowley: So priority number one is international, becoming that employer of record, W2 style of employment with the Bulgaria team and one or two others in other countries. Priority two, if I hear you correctly, is if you can streamline the broader process, make it more cost effective, more time effective, that would be a big win as well. But the primary win is IP.
brycerowley: Right?
Justin Brach: Yeah, and you're hearing a contradiction in… or not even a contradiction, you're hearing the tug from…
Justin Brach: a CEO's point of view, and you're hearing a tug from the accounting team's point of view, right? And I'm… I've got my specific objectives, and I know they have their objectives, that's the only reason why I sideswiped them.
Justin Brach: my apologies to you guys, I'm… I'm hyper-focused on one thing, and I'd like to, you know, make sure that it's not… if… if it all works out, the, you know, combined, fine, but I'm…
Justin Brach: I've been very excited for this call, because I'm hyper-focused on, you know, making sure that the Bulgaria team is doing things the right way.
brycerowley: Yep. Shane, before we kick off and go into the deep demo, what's your thought? Can we accomplish these two things? I think I know the answer.
Shane Jacobs: Well, yeah, absolutely. Regardless of how you want to classify the employees, especially in Bulgaria, as an employer of record, we can manage that. Now, the platform does it all, which is great. So you're not different platforms, and I'll go through that. But in short, yes, we can onboard the Bulgarian employees onto our employer of record. They become essentially full-time.
Shane Jacobs: employees, we're paying a direct salary, the social charges and taxes to Bulgaria, providing the proper benefits, time off, everything that a normal employee would be in Bulgaria, we're providing on your behalf.
Shane Jacobs: Part of the contractual arrangement also is the IP, so there is specific language in there that protects your IP, so as they're working for you, the IP remains with you. So those two things are accomplished through an employer of record, which we provide.
Renee: Could we, on top of that, we have a separate, like, IP agreement that we've ran through our lawyers, can we have them send that as well?
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, I can, we can take that back to our, so what the, what our contract is, there's two parts of the contract, the contract that engages our professional relationship together, and then there's the employment contract of the actual employee, so within that as well, there's some IP protection as well, so, yes, your attorneys can review that to make sure that it says the right things, and that you're comfortable with how that
Shane Jacobs: Protection works.
Justin Brach: And then, what's the time to set this all up? We just said we're gonna… we're gonna hyper-focus on Bulgaria. What's the… what does onboarding look like?
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, so once we get the contractual arrangements and our contracts all worked out and so forth, a typical onboarding timeline is about 2 weeks.
Shane Jacobs: So we get all our contracts in place, notify the employees that this is happening, and then I'll guide you through the demo on there's a lot of automation in our software that allows you to set the things up. They get emails. They then input their personal information. But that onboarding timeline from an employee standpoint is about a two-week process.
Justin Brach: Okay, awesome.
brycerowley: I think, Justin, realistically for us, I think we're probably looking at, if we're early July now, potentially September 1st is probably an aggressive timeline that we'd look at to get this done.
brycerowley: But… Yep.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, and.
Justin Brach: Can I push on you? Can I push on that one a little bit?
Justin Brach: Is it… is it because of all the other layers of things that we're dealing with, or is it because of this process?
Justin Brach: For me, this is… this is the… Ops. Button.
Justin Brach: situation for me across the board.
brycerowley: Yep.
brycerowley: No, I get it. So Jessica and I were talking about could we do some kind of staggered rollout where we roll out just the Bulgaria team or just the international piece, try to get that out a couple weeks earlier. The answer is it's a potential that we can do that. The caveat there is that we just want to go into that knowing that the way that you'll access that system, right, it'll have a direct login. It won't have that super integrated, seamless interface and whatnot. So
brycerowley: As long as we talk through some of the technical challenges that come with an earlier rollout, there is a possibility that we could do something sooner than that.
brycerowley: But…
Shane Jacobs: And then…
brycerowley: Make sense?
Shane Jacobs: Yeah. I had a quick question on the Bulgaria.
Shane Jacobs: You said that you're paying them like a vendor, so are they…
Shane Jacobs: part of this other company that you're paying, and the reason I ask is that on their side, there's notice periods and different things that they have to honor before they can onboard to another company, so you typically deal with employee-to-employee, but are we talking about, like, a subcontractor-vendor relationship, or how are you currently set up?
Renee: Yeah, so they don't have any other clients on their side, they… the leaders on that side own that company, so it's not like they don't have to…
Justin Brach: That we know of, Renee.
Renee: Yes.
Justin Brach: You know what I mean? I hate to say it that way.
Renee: Okay, on the client side, yes, they don't have it, that's what we've been told. And then Peter and Alec, who are the leaders on that side, do own that company.
Renee: As far as we know.
Renee: So they shouldn't have to give a notice.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
Renee: But yes, Justin's correct on that, please. That's what we've been told.
Shane Jacobs: Got it.
Shane Jacobs: Okay. Yeah, and assuming that goes forward,
Shane Jacobs: yeah, that whole process, again, sometimes takes… it takes longer in other countries, so understanding the current situation, and then once we present them with the situation, the employment contract, you know.
Shane Jacobs: that's where it takes a little bit longer than what maybe we're accustomed to in the US, so…
Renee: Yeah, and the goal for this is that we need to get everything set up with you guys, but then Justin and I want to have one-on-ones and conversations with the entire team members on that side, prior to you guys sending any of the employment contracts, so that we can have those individual conversations and let them know that this is what we're moving them over to.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, absolutely, yep. And we can provide support on the back end, on some communication, and so forth from our operations team. But absolutely, that's how we would want it approached as well.
Renee: Perfect. Okay.
brycerowley: Jane, should we jump in and show them the platform, and what it looks like, and some mechanics.
Shane Jacobs: And I'll talk through some of — there's a platform piece, but there's a whole support piece along with that that I'll talk through at the same time.
Shane Jacobs: Let's see, here we go.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, and you're seeing my screen okay now? It says, hello, demo?
Renee: Yes.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, great. So this is the Prism Global Platform. This is what all the international employees we're talking about would be onboarded to, and how you would interface with them from a technology standpoint. Regardless if it's a contractor that you're paying.
Shane Jacobs: Or you're using our employer record.
Shane Jacobs: Or if down the road you set up a subsidiary in another country and want to pay people directly, doesn't matter. This is the one platform that you would use to manage all of that. And I'll kind of go through some of the features and talk through
Shane Jacobs: how this all works. Right here is really just the dashboard in which most people use most of the time in terms of looking at the different pay periods. We break them out in employee segments or classifications, so this contractor payment
Shane Jacobs: period for this next month would show all the different payments that you pay all your contractors. And so, as you scroll down, you can see there's additional payments, one-time payments, going further down, hourly workers, fixed rate workers, reimbursements, etc. So, depending on how you have the contract, whether it's a fixed rate per month.
Shane Jacobs: Per project, or if you're doing it on an hourly basis, that'll all be reflected here, so that then you can approve that for,
Shane Jacobs: the next one. If I go to a detailed view, it says it told me a complete total of that, and I approve it here. So that would be the contractor's payment that you would do.
Shane Jacobs: the employer record situation here.
Shane Jacobs: Looks a little bit different. Again, these are now full-time, regular employees in Bulgaria.
Shane Jacobs: And so it's gonna bring up all the taxes, the withholdings, the benefits, etc. In my demo set, I don't have Bulgaria loaded, unfortunately, but as an example, here's Ava in Canada, and I can click on… she's got her wages, benefits, taxes, and it's gonna show you the employee net.
Shane Jacobs: Gross to net.
Shane Jacobs: and the employer burden. So those two points are going to be important, especially that, you know, $10,000 in US per month.
Shane Jacobs: what are the additional taxes that are being paid to that local government, right? And this is all broken out here for you, and we break that up by country. So you'll see the different employees in each country, and you can quickly scroll… click into that and see exactly what those wages are going to be, what the gross net is, etc.
Shane Jacobs: And this is just where you get to review that, make sure there aren't any issues. When I see these variances, oh, that makes sense, we gave all the bonuses this month. Just a quick snapshot, so if there are any issues.
Shane Jacobs: corrections that need to be made. You make them here before it gets sent to payroll.
Shane Jacobs: And then as I approve that, it'll just give you a quick analysis of what we're paying the employees in that currency. In an employer of records model, we are required to pay the employees in local currency into their direct bank account.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, so…
Shane Jacobs: different than what you're doing now is, in terms of wires, the way the process works is you pay us in USD. We'll send you an invoice, it'll have all the salaries of your Bulgarian employees in USD, you pay us into our bank. So there's…
Shane Jacobs: What? No, there's no international wire fees, right? You pay us, we convert that into… I'm not sure what Bulgaria uses. Did they use a euro or a local currency? I forget. But then we convert it, and we send those directly to their bank accounts, and then paying the taxes to the Bulgarian authorities. So there aren't any…
Shane Jacobs: wires going back and forth from you. You originate in the United States, and you pay our invoice in the United States.
Shane Jacobs: That would be the same in any other country. Canadian dollars, UK pounds, whatever that local currency is, we're converting and paying directly into their bank accounts.
brycerowley: And stop stop us as we go along. If you guys have any questions, please.
Shane Jacobs: So that's how that employer of record works. Other reimbursements, meaning as those employees have reimbursable expenses, then they can submit those through our system.
Shane Jacobs: You can set up who needs to approve that, and then once those are approved, that gets sent to our payroll team, and they get paid out from there. Bulgaria is a monthly payroll cycle, so they get paid at the end of the month, every month. That's typical and standard in Bulgaria.
Shane Jacobs: We also have time off requests, so if I look at my time off requests in Bulgaria, they have a statutory amount of paid vacation, holidays, leaves, other things that are required that an employer must provide. We also must provide that. We always have to honor the country-specific.
Shane Jacobs: paid time off, vacation, maternity, all those types of things. You can always offer more, but we cannot offer less than what's standard in Bulgaria, even if that means they have a lot more than we have in the United States.
Shane Jacobs: If I go back to the dashboard, I can also see who's out from my team.
Shane Jacobs: who's out today and tomorrow, and then any other reminders, etc. So this is kind of the dashboard and what you're looking at to kind of manage your population.
Shane Jacobs: But if I go to my team, this is going to show my team across those populations, contractors and employer of record. And so if I wanted to go into just my employer of record for you, this would show all your Bulgarian employees so you can see exactly what's going on. This would then dive right into their personal information. This is our HR system, if you will. So if I go into Avis here, I can
Shane Jacobs: pull this up, give a quick snapshot, and I can also view her HR profile
Shane Jacobs: It would have her signed contract. That contract is her employment contract. That employment contract is between the employee and PRISM HR.
Shane Jacobs: Because we're the local employer of record. The contract that we have with you then assigns her to work for you on your behalf, et cetera. But then employment contracts where the IP protection, some of those things would lie with the employee directly. And then conversely.
Shane Jacobs: our agreement between us as companies would have some of that IT protection built in there as well. Again, you can review those with your attorneys, make sure everything looks good. That's, in essence, how that protection would work.
Shane Jacobs: And this is where I can view her contract, pull it up. It's going to show her employment contract and any other important information for her. So this is where all that information resides.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
Shane Jacobs: And so, again, I can list this by type. If I had all my contractors loaded, I could see what those, profiles look like. Again, a contractor's not a regular full-time employee, you're just paying them.
Shane Jacobs: based on that contracted amount, and I'll go into that a little bit later, but they don't have any statutory leaves or benefits or anything like that involved. They're just a contractor, but we manage the payment here. Maybe I'll add that those payments aren't…
Shane Jacobs: direct wires into each of their bank accounts, you're paying actually into a wallet, and then that wallet goes from there. And I'll explain that a little bit later in the demo, how that works. But you're not paying per wire fees anymore, you're paying a per employee per month fee, which manages all of that, okay?
Shane Jacobs: So that's really what it looks like from a kind of dashboard and team perspective.
Shane Jacobs: The onboarding tab just shows where my employees are at or contractors in the onboarding process. I'll run through that here in a little bit, but this kind of gives you an idea that where they're at in the process. Has the employee signed the document? Are they waiting on us? So it gives you a clear understanding of where things are at in that process.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, before I kind of jump into some of the mechanics of this, any questions at this point? Anything I need to pause on right now?
Renee: I know in certain countries that we've looked at previously, there was, like, specific
Renee: requirements that you have to pay employees on? Like, for instance, Mexico has, like, specific stipends for, like, housing and food and stuff like that. Is there anything that we need to be aware of with the UK or Bulgaria that will be added on to payroll as moving them to a… or, like, a full-time employee?
Shane Jacobs: Bulgaria, off the top of my head, I don't know, but we can find out exactly what those payments are. Of course, there's the social charges that all companies must pay per employee, but if there's any other type of allowances or stipends, we'll find that out. In the UK, I'm not aware of, although I know for sure there's a required pension in the UK.
Shane Jacobs: So, that would be one of those required. You have your taxes, part of those taxes is the national healthcare system, and then there's a required pension.
Shane Jacobs: in the UK. So instead of using 401ks, they have a national pension program that's required. So that gets all defined per country, so you know exactly what you're paying, absolutely.
Renee: Awesome. And then the benefit side of things that you mentioned as well, is that something that, like, UAs already have set up benefit providers for them to use, or how does that work for the other countries?
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, great question. I don't know much about Bulgaria, but in the UK, there's a national healthcare system in the UK, so…
Shane Jacobs: Every employee is entitled to that. You're paying it through those social charges. None of this is free. People talk about all this free health care around the world. Believe me, it's not.
Renee: You're paying.
Shane Jacobs: Rec.
Renee: You're being worried so much, Ray. Yeah.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, so I… when I hear that, my ears bleed. I'm like, it's not free, people. They're paying a lot of taxes. Any
Shane Jacobs: So there's that component there, which you as a company can say, that's great.
Shane Jacobs: that's what most people do, what most companies do, we're fine. I'll show you in a little bit where you can select supplemental benefits. Some countries, that's… they're not great. India, they're not that great. Other countries, like Australia, you have a public healthcare system, so you go to a public hospital.
Shane Jacobs: And they're good.
Shane Jacobs: But most companies will provide supplemental benefits so they can go to the private hospitals, which are better. And so that additional amount is optional, and we provide that optional coverage
Shane Jacobs: I don't know if AFLAC's the right… AFLAC's not a good example. It's just supplemental benefits over and above what they normally get as a… in a country, and I'll show you where you can select that. So, those are optional. You can pay the amount, you can share the cost with the employees, etc. So…
Shane Jacobs: So yeah, that's how the benefits work in each of these countries.
Shane Jacobs: But very good questions.
Shane Jacobs: Let me go through that higher… that new onboarding real quick, just to show you what that would look like. Again, we have two different…
Shane Jacobs: Roads that you could go down, an employee or a contractor. I'll quickly say on the contractor, we have two components to that. Contractor is just simply contractor payments. You are the contracting body. We do have sample contracts that you can use for that contract or if you have your own, but the contract is between you and the contractor. We're just simply the method of payment.
Shane Jacobs: to those contractors. Contractor plus is where we become the agent of record. So it's a little bit more of a step up where we as PRISMHR are the contracting party. So the contracts between the contractor and PRISMHR. In that scenario, we would go through a classification process to ensure that the workers are truly classified appropriately as contractors because now we're putting our name and liability to that
Shane Jacobs: contract. If they are not and we don't feel like they are meeting the requirements of a contractor, then we would then urge and say, well, we can't be party to that. We would need to put them as an employer of record. So those are the different levels. If you're comfortable with the relationship you have as a contractor and just need that payment, then you'd use the contractor method there.
Shane Jacobs: But we'll choose employee again. Oh, sorry, go back.
Shane Jacobs: We'll do employees…
Renee: Yeah, exactly, perfect.
brycerowley: Shane, the one thing to highlight on that one, if they do choose to go down the path to say, hey, let's go with the Contractor Plus, we'd like you to manage that, if they are identified as
brycerowley: likely an employee, not a contractor. There is not an option for the employer, then, to then go back and pay them as a contractor, because you are now aware that that employee does not meet the contractor requirements.
Shane Jacobs: Well, really, it's up to them. It's more of, here is the… we would advise what's best for that country, provide some
Shane Jacobs: you know, analysis of here's the potential risks that you face in that country by continuing to pay that contractor as is, when in all essence, they're acting exactly like an employee. There are real consequences, fines, penalties, there are real consequences if the government finds out,
Shane Jacobs: And there's all sorts of ways that that can happen, but we would advise accordingly. But then, ultimately, it's the client's
Shane Jacobs: decision on how much risk they're willing to take based on that classification, right? It's not an exact checklist, but once you go through three or four questions, you're like, this is leaning more towards one way or another, and we just want to make sure that they have full information to decide how they want to treat that contractor or as an employee.
brycerowley: Okay, but the decision is up to the employer.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
Shane Jacobs: So we're going through this Bulgaria onboarding. Let me just quickly — I like to autofill a little bit just to get us going. Let's see. The nationality will say that they're in Bulgaria. Now, a quick question. I doubt this is the case. Are any of those Bulgarian employees not Bulgarian that you know of?
Shane Jacobs: Probably not, but that's an important distinction as we go through this, is that.
Renee: Well…
Shane Jacobs: All of them Bulgarian nationals.
Renee: I think one lives in Spain.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, so where they live is where they would need to be employed.
Renee: Yep.
Renee: I'm pretty sure one of them lives in Spain and comes from that area, yeah.
Shane Jacobs: And are they Bulgarian living in Spain?
Renee: It's a great question.
Renee: I don't know that answer. I can find out.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, so before we… and that's where this question comes into play. So the nationality is Bulgaria, but I choose Spain.
Renee: Because that's where they live.
Shane Jacobs: Right. Then it would say here, is the employee authorized to work in Spain?
Shane Jacobs: So do they have their own work permit? I forget if Bulgaria and Spain, is Bulgaria part of the EU? I always forget.
Renee: Yeah, they're the Swish, Swashen,
brycerowley: I cannot. It's Shen.
Renee: Yes, that one.
Shane Jacobs: Yes.
Shane Jacobs: So, as long as their work authorization allows them to work in Spain, we're good. And then I would click on, yeah, they're authorized to work in Spain. But our teams would be notified to ensure, just don't take their word for it, we need to make sure that, do you have the proper documentation and authorization to work there, okay?
Shane Jacobs: So again, all this is to make sure that we're properly onboarding them in the country in which they live.
Shane Jacobs: So let me just go back here, so it…
Shane Jacobs: Does it correctly? So the rest of these people are Bulgarian nationals. They live in Bulgaria, so they have work authorization. And then here, you're just going to go through the simple process. This would be what you would be doing in terms of setting them up. These are project managers. Maybe they're mid-level. I just put in a quick project management. You put in a description of what they're going to be doing.
Shane Jacobs: You can assign different divisions. If they have a certain engineering or project management division, you can assign all those in this setup so that you can then classify them in the appropriate divisions.
Shane Jacobs: I can select, you know, they're the back end. If they're in a specific team, operations, sales, engineering, you can set that up as you'd like.
Shane Jacobs: Location, you could either put, if they're specific cities, offices, remote, whatever you'd like, you can then customize this as well.
Shane Jacobs: And then the start date, like I talked about, if we were doing this today, we have two weeks out would be the 21st. That's why I said that two-week window. Really, that takes that time to get
Shane Jacobs: the employment contract worked on. I don't know about Bulgaria. Some countries have mandatory registrations or a little bit of waiting periods. In France, you have to go to the doctor. In the Philippines, you have to go to the doctor first. So there's different things that have to happen so that two-week window allows for all those requirements to take place before they can actually start.
Renee: Got it.
Shane Jacobs: And from here, we get into more of what they're going to be making. The gross salary, I saw some of them, those are in the US dollar, but we'll just put in $10,000
Shane Jacobs: they'd be considered full-time. Indefinite would be, like, we're working indefinitely for as long as we or the company would like. A fixed-term contract is essentially a fixed term.
Shane Jacobs: I'm only hiring you for one year. At the end of that year, we part ways. So most of our companies are using indefinite, unless you know for certain, I only want this person assigned or working for me for a fixed amount of time.
Shane Jacobs: If you say, oh, that was great, we want to keep them, and we want to do another fixed term, there are certain rules in each country that say after one or two renewals, it becomes an indefinite contract anyway, okay? But most of the time, full-time regular employees are indefinite contracts.
Shane Jacobs: I can set up even additional payments. If I want to give them each a mobile allowance every month, I can set that up. You know, give them an extra $100 for a mobile allowance, whatever you'd like. You can set that up here, and that will happen in each paycheck moving forward.
Shane Jacobs: Vacation and paid time off, again, you'll know exactly there's, we'll give you that information on how many vacation days that are allowed in Bulgaria. Again, we can't go below that, but if you're like, hey, we give everyone around the world their birthday off, I could add an extra day here, and then that would…
Shane Jacobs: you know, pop up as an additional day. But if they have a holiday and you're still working in the U.S, they would need to take that holiday off. If they're required to work, then we get into vacation and holiday pay and some other jurisdiction issues there, so…
Shane Jacobs: But again, what we're trying to do is ensure compliance to Bulgaria employment laws.
Shane Jacobs: Next, this is a really cool check, is that — looks like they do have a Bulgarian currency. And so I'm double checking, is that 10,000 Bulgarian the same as 5,500 USD per month? That sounds about right. Or I can make sure that I'm getting the correct amount in there. So yeah, I'll just confirm that amount for our purposes.
Shane Jacobs: Equipment policy, if you want to set up them with computers, laptops, monitors, all that type of stuff,
Shane Jacobs: The least effective way is for you to ship them from the US. They'll probably get caught in customs, and that can be pretty expensive. Or we do have a third party that you would just work with directly. They have a menu that you can click on all the different IT equipment and get that sent to their home or their office or wherever you're looking at.
Shane Jacobs: Or you could have them, you know, new hire will use their personal computers or they would buy it and they get reimbursed. So there's different ways in which you can get them set up with their IT.
Shane Jacobs: Here's the benefits question that you talked about earlier. Again, in Bulgaria, part of the social charges are going to be those statutory benefits they get through the government, but we want to offer more. There's different levels, standard, premium, premium plus maternity. You see, they're very reasonable. These are global plans so that
Shane Jacobs: Per employee per month would be an extra $210 per month if you chose that. And you could say, hey, as a company, we're just going to absorb that. Or you could say, hey, we'll cover half. You cover half. If the employee wants to cover their dependents, it's just an extra $210 a month. So it's a per employee per month rate.
Shane Jacobs: And to know what those information are, I click on here.
Shane Jacobs: And it brings up all the… the benefits.
Shane Jacobs: the coverages, et cetera, for this. We use… it's called SafetyWing, the global healthcare network that we use so that we can manage healthcare pre… or those supplemental benefits across the globe.
Shane Jacobs: So if I select that, I can select it there.
Shane Jacobs: And we're done! So that's how we onboard an employee. So LaRon Wolfson.
Shane Jacobs: We have onboarded, everything looks great, and once I'm done on my end, I'll click Submit.
Shane Jacobs: Here's what happens. All that information gets sent to an actual human, which is important. There's a lot of AI that's driving a lot of the stuff we do, but we still want to make sure that there's a human involved. So this is going to one of our implementation managers that covers Europe.
Shane Jacobs: They will ensure that all the information is correct, and they will generate an offer letter. That offer letter will then be reviewed by you before we send it to the employee. And that offer letter contains their salary, any additional benefits, all those types of things you've talked about with them.
Shane Jacobs: And make sure everything looks correct. So if there's any back and forth, any questions, we can do that in the offer letter. Once that offer letter is signed.
Shane Jacobs: What will happen is the employee will receive an email where they will dive into their own,
Shane Jacobs: instance of this, of our Prism Global, and they can then sign that offer letter once that's done. Once the offer letter is done, then we finalize the employment contract, and then that employment contract is what dictates their employment. They'll have their start date, and that's when they will begin starting to work for you. Okay.
Shane Jacobs: So that's how that works. I've got another window open here. This is the employee's version of what they would see. And so, when they log in, they're gonna get,
Shane Jacobs: They need to enter their bank account information, all their private information, etc. So that can be put in the employment contract, etc. Okay.
Shane Jacobs: This is where they're going to see all their different payments, how much they've been paid, where their payslips are located. If they need to ask for time off, they just go right into here. They know what their holidays are, how much leave they have available, and then they can request time off.
Shane Jacobs: You can set up those approvals, so if they're frontline managers, the first approval, HR, second approval, however you'd like to do that, you can get that set up in the system.
Shane Jacobs: If you require any time tracking, meaning, you know, tracking their hours per day, per project, etc, you can set that up. If that doesn't concern you, then you don't need to use that, but there is that option available.
Shane Jacobs: And then any reimbursements the employee might have. We took our client out for lunch, I need to buy an extra monitor, all those types of things are reimbursed through the system and through payroll. We want to make sure that's done through that system, because we want to make sure we're accounting for that correctly, that they…
Shane Jacobs: If there are any taxes that are owed to those reimbursements, we're doing it proper
Shane Jacobs: That's it. So that's what the employee's dashboard Okay.
Shane Jacobs: So I'll click back into your dashboard, if you will. So if I go to my onboarding tab, let me refresh that.
Shane Jacobs: You can see down here, oh, here's Laurent in Bulgaria, he's awaiting the offer letter, right? That's going to our implementation manager, they'll get the offer letter ready, send that out, and once that's sent out.
Shane Jacobs: then it'll click over here that the agreement's been signed. So that's… that's how you manage this. Once you do this once, it's pretty easy to go through, but then the employee, they upload all their information. You don't have to worry about collecting
Shane Jacobs: their passports, or their government documents, all that they upload to the system directly, so that our HR managers can approve that. That person in Spain would need to upload any of their work authorization to make sure that they can truly work in Spain, and we verify all that before we issue the employment contract.
Shane Jacobs: So that's how that works from an employer record for the Bulgarian employees.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, any questions? I know I went through that kind of quickly, but hopefully you get an idea. Pretty intuitive, pretty simple to use, but it manages it all in one spot.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
Shane Jacobs: Let me just show you a couple reports, and then I did want to show you the wallet really quick. These are just for reporting that you can get out of the system. The worker report, again, showing you each month how many workers, you have contractors, EOR, etc.
Shane Jacobs: If I'm looking at my EOR report, I can see the gross report, which is gross to net type of reports. Let me get back here.
Shane Jacobs: So, showing you per country what we're spending on total compensation, taxes, bonuses, etc. These all can be exportable, right, to some sort of, CSV or Excel-type format.
Shane Jacobs: General ledger report can be generated so that it can be then imported into your whatever general ledger you're using, etc.
Shane Jacobs: And then those general ledger codes you can set up if they're not already set up here.
Shane Jacobs: Variance report we looked at a little bit earlier in terms of showing that. So those are all the different reports that you can see, and we break them out again by contractors, employer of record, etc.
Shane Jacobs: Different tools and resources. Compensation calendar is really nice. If I want to know exactly how much it's going to be costing to hire someone in Bulgaria.
Shane Jacobs: Let's see.
Shane Jacobs: They're on there? Oh, it's not in there. I'll get that taken care of. In Australia, 10,000…
Shane Jacobs: per month, I can calculate that, and that will show me exactly what the employer's gonna pay, what the employee gets. In fact, maybe let's go back to the UK, and we can see that.
Shane Jacobs: New Kingdom.
Shane Jacobs: How much were they making?
Shane Jacobs: 11, 5. Just looked at the spreadsheet.
Shane Jacobs: So then you know, in the UK,
Shane Jacobs: the total employer cost, so the salary is 11.5 British pounds, I don't know if you had it in dollars or pounds, regardless, it will show you what the employer contributions are, national insurance I talked about, and the pension, so really that 11.5 is going to be 13.2.
Shane Jacobs: And then you're gonna see the net salary. So, as you can see, there's a lot of taxes in the UK. That $11,500 is actually… their take-home's gonna be $6,800 because of the required taxes, pension, insurance, etc. So it gives you a really good indication right away what those are gonna look like.
Justin Brach: And then what's the cost to us on this platform?
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, and we're finalizing those rates. What we needed to get, and we just barely got it, was the countries. It varies by country, but we can get that to you momentarily. Some countries are more complicated, but we're talking not thousands, but for an employer of record, it's in the usually hundreds. You know, I want to say…
Shane Jacobs: There's a range between $550 and $700-ish per employee per month, depending on the calorie, the level.
brycerowley: I've got it pulled up. It slightly varies just in country by country based on a couple of different variables. Bulgaria, we're looking probably around 550 to 575. The UK, just slightly less. India, areas like that, slightly less as well. Got it.
Justin Brach: Okay.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, and, you know, we'll work with Bryce, spell everything out. There's some setup fees, some other costs involved, but yeah, it's pretty basic in terms of that, for the employer of record side.
Justin Brach: No.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
Shane Jacobs: Let me, in the time we have remaining, let me show you the wallet really quickly, because that's going to impact the contractors, and I'm hoping that you are going to like this a lot. So, right now, you're paying wires, and you're paying wire fees, and you're wiring money across the globe, which is not only expensive, but you're…
Shane Jacobs: signaling to these countries, I'm paying people. That's not good, right? Because then the compliance can… you can start looking into permanent establishment risk. So rather than doing that, with our contractor payment model, you're actually paying us in U.S. dollars.
Shane Jacobs: And you're paying the employees into a wallet.
Shane Jacobs: So think of it like a Venmo wallet or something that we use here in the US. This wallet is tied to a US stablecoin. So it's all digital currency. And the contractor would receive their wallet and have all their money in there. The nice thing about that is they don't have to take that money out until they want to.
Shane Jacobs: So, if I wanted to take that money out, I got paid this month, I want to start using it, one of the cool things is…
Shane Jacobs: is that I can withdraw that in a number of ways. I can actually, transfer that into my own bank account. And at that point is when the conversion will happen.
Shane Jacobs: But the fee is very minimal for the employee. We're talking $1, $2, $3 per deposit into their bank account. And you, from a client's perspective, aren't paying any of those fees. You're just paying us. We then put it into the wallet.
Shane Jacobs: The mobile wallet is very, very, popular, especially in places like the Philippines. So you have all those Philippines employees. The biggest
Shane Jacobs: wallet in the Philippines is called GCash. So what we can do is, from our wallet, directly deposit into their GCash.
Shane Jacobs: And they love it, because I don't have to go to a bank, I don't have to deal with that, I can put it right into my GCash, I pay all my bills, I go shopping with GCash. So there's lots of different digital currencies, like Venmo, that you can use across the globe that the contractors can select when they want that to be deposited, okay?
Shane Jacobs: Other areas in which they can use that, again, there's a crypto wallet, if they want to buy crypto, they can transfer that, or they can use a digital credit card. So now, through this wallet, they can actually create a digital credit card, buy things online.
Shane Jacobs: whatever they need to, using an actual credit card number tied to their wallet. So they don't have to actually go through a bank to do that, they can do that through here. And then they even have… they can make transfer payments to their Wyze
Shane Jacobs: account, etc.
brycerowley: The two key advantages to this structure, by the way, Justin and team, is really, one, that from a structure perspective, it's one fee per month.
brycerowley: with unlimited transfers. So, if you want to pay them weekly, you can pay them weekly. If you want to pay them monthly, you can pay them monthly. It really gives you, as the employer, a lot more flexibility when it comes to how you deploy the capital to these individuals, as well as
brycerowley: reducing the transaction costs. The second real advantage to the employee is that employee on day one can instantly take those funds, or nearly instantly take those funds, and just put them in their standard bank account, withdraw all the funds every month.
brycerowley: However, in some countries where their local currency might not be as desirable or stable as a US dollar, they have the ability to effectively invest in the US dollar by allowing those funds to sit in a US stablecoin while their own local currency does whatever craziness that it does and pull out whatever amount that they need over time. So I'll pause there.
Shane Jacobs: Yeah, no, those are some of the talking points I wanted to get into as well. They can use, again, here's a credit card. If they want to use that money and buy something virtual, they can create a virtual credit card right here in the wallet. So that's already set up here.
Shane Jacobs: They actually can save in a US savings account 3.29%.
Shane Jacobs: like…
Shane Jacobs: I don't get that rate with my savings account at my bank, but they can keep it in there if they'd like. They can immediately invest in things, stocks, etc. So there's a lot of benefits to this wallet, besides just having it stable, that they can then use that money how they'd like. So contractors love it.
Shane Jacobs: It reduces the cost, there aren't any wire or transfer fees. If they transfer into their bank, again, I think the most I've seen was $4, but most of the time it's just, like, a buck or two.
Shane Jacobs: Which other contractors we've seen, they're getting hit with their own international or conversion fees. They're getting paid, they're paying 40, 50 bucks just to get their own money out. So it's a much easier solution in that respect. And from your perspective, like Bryce talked about, it's a monthly fee.
Shane Jacobs: So it's a per employee per month fee.
Shane Jacobs: No matter how many times you're paying the contractor, okay? And you're paying us!
Shane Jacobs: Right? You're paying a U.S. account to a U.S. account, so you're not worrying about international transfers. Those banks in those countries are now starting, you know, are they going to report this? What are these wires coming in from this country? What's going on? Like, none of that needs to happen anymore, because you're just paying from a U.S. account to a U.S. account.
Shane Jacobs: Right now, this is only used for contractors. The main reason why is, currently, employers of record have to trans… deposit funds
Shane Jacobs: to employees in their local bank account and local currency. Although, I know our teams are trying to find a way, how can we use this with our employer record? Now, that might be down the line, but it's something we're thinking about. But for contractors, this has been a great, great tool,
Shane Jacobs: Saves them a lot of time and money, and it lets them do what they want with their money. So, anyway.
Shane Jacobs: Any other questions on the leased opay? That's just the platform that we use that manages all this.
Renee: I said…
Nate Price: Nothing over here.
Shane Jacobs: Okay.
Shane Jacobs: So that's it from a, technology standpoint. In the time I have left, I want to talk about more of the support.
Shane Jacobs: Although the technology is great, and this is really easy to use, you actually have humans that are managing this employment.
Shane Jacobs: From an implementation manager that's based in the US,
Shane Jacobs: would help you with your onboarding, have calls with you. Then we also have HR representatives in those countries or regions that can reach out and talk to employees directly. So that's really important. No matter how many employees you have with us, you have humans that are managing these employments. It's our responsibility. We want to make sure the employment's compliant, but we also want them to be happy and we want to make sure it's a good relationship.
Shane Jacobs: So you always have direct access to your global account manager, which then can in turn reach out to our HR representatives if someone's going on maternity. What does that look like in Bulgaria?
Shane Jacobs: It's not just ChatGPT, it's an actual human in that area saying, no, this is exactly what needs to happen. So it's more than just the tech.
Shane Jacobs: It's more than just payment. It's the support of real people that are managing this for you. And you don't have to worry about knowing all these rules. That's what we get to do, right? You're going to learn them as you go just because you have these Bulgarian employees. But we are going to be managing that. But you can always reach out for questions, concerns when it's time to separate an employee.
Shane Jacobs: Doing that is different in each country.
Shane Jacobs: None of these employees are at will. They have an employment contract. And an unemployment contract will have notice periods and things that both the employee and employer need to honor. We'll make sure that's done properly so that there's a clean separation so they can't come back and sue you, which happens a lot in global employment if you don't do it correctly.
Shane Jacobs: More than just tech, it's a lot of support behind the scenes by people that have been doing this for years.
Shane Jacobs: Okay, I think we used our time.
Shane Jacobs: I know I've got something in three minutes, one of these days where I've got back-to-back-to-back, but happy to field any questions. Antaeus as well, who's been on the phone, we're happy to answer any questions that come from you or from Bryce to make sure that you feel comfortable in, okay, how does this program really work, what do the financials look like, the contractual arrangement, etc. But we'd be happy to help you, and we're excited about this opportunity. So thanks so much.
brycerowley: Nate, I see you're off mute there.
Nate Price: No, no. No, just wanted to…
Nate Price: Make sure I was available to talk, and say thank you, yeah, it looks great. The interface looks great, it looks easy to use. I can't think of anything that you guys didn't cover.
Renee: So, yeah.
Renee: We're gonna go in how, talk about this today, but for next steps, if we wanted to move forward on this, what would that look like, and how do we get that up and running as quickly as possible?
brycerowley: So let me circle back with the team on our side as to two key things. One is direct pricing. What are the economics and what would this look like for you guys? Like I said, I've got it here put together, but it's just a simple spreadsheet. So let me put something together that looks presentable. And then secondly, we'll come back to you with a timeline on exactly what it would look like from a deployment perspective.
brycerowley: We'll need to confirm on the Bulgaria side some of the nuances to that.
brycerowley: Hiring in that area. And so give us.
brycerowley: 24 hours to get you guys an answer back on that. I think Shane and I and the team can reconnect, later today, early tomorrow, and get you an answer, hopefully by end of day tomorrow, if not first thing, Thursday morning. Does that sound reasonable?
Renee: Yeah, absolutely.
brycerowley: Justin?
brycerowley: Any questions on your side?
Justin Brach: No, sir. Totally good.
Justin Brach: Yeah, sorry to come in so aggressive, but this is the top focus for me on all this stuff that we're looking at.
brycerowley: Loud and clear. Understood. Give us, like I said, a couple hours here to turn something back to you guys and see what we can put together. I know that's a top priority, so we'll focus on this now. All right. Thanks, guys.
Renee: Thanks.
Shane Jacobs: Everybody.
Renee: Thank you.
Nate Price: Thanks everyone.
Elissa: Thank you.